Clarify filter query for Obs Pipelines processors (#23449)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/observability_pipelines/processors/remap.md

Use **add field** to append a new key-value field to your log.

To set up the add field processor:

> 1. Define a **filter query**. Only logs that match the specified [filter query](#filter-query-syntax) are processed. No logs are filtered out, so all logs go through the processor that comes after this one.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Define a **filter query**. Only logs that match the specified [filter query](#filter-query-syntax) are processed. All logs, regardless of whether they do or do not match the filter query, are passed on to the next step in the pipeline.
```

Use **drop field** to drop a field from logging data that matches the filter you specify below.

To set up the drop field processor:

> 1. Define a **filter query**. Only logs that match the specified [filter query](#filter-query-syntax) are processed. No logs are filtered out, so all logs go through the processor that comes after this one.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Define a **filter query**. Only logs that match the specified [filter query](#filter-query-syntax) are processed. All logs, regardless of whether they do or do not match the filter query, are passed on to the next step in the pipeline.
```

Use **rename field** to rename a field within your log.

To set up the rename field processor:

> 1. Define a **filter query**. Only logs that match the specified [filter query](#filter-query-syntax) are processed. No logs are filtered out, so all logs go through the processor that comes after this one.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Define a **filter query**. Only logs that match the specified [filter query](#filter-query-syntax) are processed. All logs, regardless of whether they do or do not match the filter query, are passed on to the next step in the pipeline.
```
